Update README: add `static_multimap` section and godbolt live examples (#214)
NVIDIA/cuCollections: README.md

### `static_map`

`cuco::static_map` is a fixed-size hash table using open addressing with linear probing. See the Doxygen documentation in `static_map.cuh` for more detailed information.

#### Examples:
- [Host-bulk APIs](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/static_map/host_bulk_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/ervPzqh64))
- [Device-view APIs for individual operations](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/static_map/device_view_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/qMWrfE6ET))

> - [Custom date type, key equality and hash function](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/static_map/custom_type_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/oGfYjzMGT))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Custom data types, key equality operators and hash functions](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/static_map/custom_type_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/oGfYjzMGT))
```

### `static_multimap`

> `cuco::static_multimap` is a fixed-size hash table that supports equivalent keys. It uses double hashing by default and supports switching to linear probing. See the Doxygen documentation in `static_multimap.cuh` for more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cuco::static_multimap` is a fixed-size hash table that supports storing equivalent keys. It uses double hashing by default and supports switching to linear probing. See the Doxygen documentation in `static_multimap.cuh` for more detailed information.
```

#### Examples:
- [Host-bulk APIs](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/static_multimap/host_bulk_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/Po4eTEn1a))

### `dynamic_map`

> `cuco::dynamic_map` links together multiple `cuco::static_map`s to provide a hash table that can grow as keys are inserted. It currently only provides host-bulk APIs. See the Doxygen documentation in `dynamic_map.cuh` for more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cuco::dynamic_map` links together multiple `cuco::static_map`s to provide a hash table that can grow as key-value pairs are inserted. It currently only provides host-bulk APIs. See the Doxygen documentation in `dynamic_map.cuh` for more detailed information.
```

#### Examples:

> - [Host-bulk APIs (TODO)]()

Reviewer: open TODO

Author: Resolving this since the dynamic map example is not added yet.
